# Updates: 
09/05/2017 : fixed some bugs on the ROI Selection Tool, a minor improvements 

# Video Tools
1) The Video Tool runs on the EyesWeb XMI Platform (version 5.7.0.0) that can be downloaded from:
ftp://ftp.infomus.org/Evaluate/EyesWeb/XMI/Version_5.7.x/EyesWeb_XMI_setup_5.7.0.0.exe

2) Download the Eyesweb_XMI_ROI Tool_setup_5.7.0.0.exe file an run it. 
ftp://ftp.infomus.org/pub/IEMP/Eyesweb_XMI_ROI%20Tool_setup_5.7.0.0.exe
The installer will look for the Eyesweb installation folder, and automatically install the video tools in that location.

# ROI (region of interest) selection tool:
The ROI Selection Tool is a research analysis tool developed in the context of the AHRC-funded IEMP (Interpersonal Entrainment in Music Performance) project (https://musicscience.net/projects/iemp/) by Casa Paganini-InfoMus research team in collaboration with Durham University and the MARCS Institute of Western Sydney University. The ROI Selection Tool was originally conceived for supporting research on automatic analysis of body movement in nonverbal communication contexts.


The ROI Selection Tool is a piece of software that allows the user to:

- Run through a selected video dataset.
- Define, for each selected video, two or more ROIs: regions of interest (i.e., selected subsets / areas of pixels within the video frames that could each contain individual people or objects to be tracked).
- Extract, from each video, several time segments to be analysed, avoiding non-significant segments.
- Export the metadata that contains all the information about the ROIs and the time segments.

Such metadata can be used as input to the Video Tracker Tool. The Video Tracker Tool is used to apply, various automated tracking techniques (see the Video Tracker Tool Guide) to each extracted segment and each defined ROI and write the results.

Important Note:
There are two version of the interface of the ROI Selection Tool. The default interface is vertical. Due to screen resolution problems we created a horizontal version of the same interface. If you experience visualization problems:

1) Go to the IEMP-ROISelectionTool\Horizontal Interfaces
2) Copy the file “ROISelectionTool.eywrad
3) Replace the file in the IEMP- ROISelectionTool with the original one

# Video tracker tool:

The Video Tracker Tool, a research analysis tool developed in the context of the AHRC-funded IEMP (Interpersonal Entrainment in Music Performance) project (https://musicscience.net/projects/iemp/) by Casa Paganini-InfoMus research team in collaboration with Durham University and the MARCS Institute of Western Sydney University. The Video Tracker Tool was originally conceived for supporting research on automatic analysis of body movement in nonverbal communication contexts.
The Video Tracker Tool takes as input a file created by the ROI Selection Tool, in which relevant regions of interest and time segments have been selected from a video or set of videos (e.g. individual performers). 

The Video Tracker Tool is a piece of software that allows the user to:
- Import and read ROI metadata files (that are generated by the ROI Selection Tool)
- Apply various automated tracking techniques to the ROI of each loaded video or video segment
- Configure the parameters of the tracking techniques
- Extract the results.

Important Note:
There are two version of the interface of the Video Tracker Tool. The default interface is vertical. Due to screen resolution problems we created a horizontal version of the same interface. If you experience visualization problems:

1) Go to the IEMP-VideoTrackerTool\Horizontal Interface
2) Copy the file “VideoTrackerTool.eywrad
3) Replace the file in the IEMP-VideoTrackerTool with the original one
